# My first post and why

<2020-02-17 Mon>
I forgot the exact time I got the idea of building a personal homepage, but I am sure it was more than 2 years ago.  I procrastinated my plan until today, after making a promise to my friend to have my first post available by the end of this long weekend.  Therefore, I started to write this post at 11pm on 2020-02-17, i.e., one hour before the end of the long weekend. Well, procrastination is an interesting topic, and I spent a lot of time on it, as a way of procrastination.  I may have a post talking about it, later..

Back to the first idea of building a personal homepage.  Why?  For those who knows me well would know that I am a lazy guy that don't like writing essay. I think you can also see how bad I am in writing and English grammar at this moment.  So why I wanted to build a personal homepage?  A possible trigger was a friend's suggestion: Have some "output" habit.  I think we might start our chat about my problem of lack of motivation, and then we discussed our daily habits.  Most of the habits I told him was "input" habit that consume some information created or discovered by others, e.g., read online articles and news, watching youtube, reading facebook, watching animes.  In other words, I seldom do some creative and output task in my free time, and that may be a possible root cause of my problem of lack of motivation.  Some common examples of creative and output habits are: blogging, helping others on stackoverflow, publish codes on github, etc.  I did none of them at that time.  In the past, I spent most of my free time to consume the info created by others, I learned a lot of useful info and wrote many notes, and it may be the time for me to return something to the internet.  I will use this page to share some of my organized notes adapted/copied from the internet and books.  I hope that it will be useful not just to me, but to some other people too :)